Hey, you can't disrupt it. The cooperation has been cancelled.
Mr. Ye, are you sure that the project has been cancelled?
Suspension of payment
I'll wait for the personal instructions of the vice president.
Vice President
We don't have time to watch this kid act here
This contract is not signed yet
I thought he was capable of something
I didn't expect to just sit here and meditate
It's hilarious
This is sitting here like a fool
Is this more of a sit-in protest?
Hahaha come
Get him out of here
Mr. Han, did you invite a loyal minister?
What's going on here?
What did they say?
It was said that Ye Huan personally went to the door to inform them
How is that possible?
Others are rolling here
Yihuan, are you alright?
engagement party tomorrow
You get up with your luggage
I will definitely surprise you.
I like you to wait for me.
Tomorrow, you must become the leader of the entire southern Xinjiang
soldier
This is what you forced me to do.
Nice. It's full of life.
If all the vitality here is absorbed
It should make up for the weather.
Kill the gods and kill all bitters
Grandpa Walker
You've been retired for years
Why do you have to make such a big gesture?
Isn't grandpa fishing?
It should bite the hook.
Sister-in-law
Don't run
Grandpa ran away
It's not good to be a loyal teacher
Protect my grandpa
Why are you having such a big fight?
Your hook
Take my clothes